---
Title: kmom10
Description: Part 10
Template: kmom
---

Kmom10
==================

<div class="kmom-sidenav">
    <p><a href="kmom01"><i class="fas fa-dice-one"></i> Kmom01</a></p>
    <p><a href="kmom02"><i class="fas fa-dice-two"></i> Kmom02</a></p>
    <p><a href="kmom03"><i class="fas fa-dice-three"></i> Kmom03</a></p>
    <p><a href="kmom04"><i class="fas fa-dice-four"></i> Kmom04</a></p>
    <p><a href="kmom05"><i class="fas fa-dice-five"></i> Kmom05</a></p>
    <p><a href="kmom06"><i class="fas fa-dice-six"></i> Kmom06</a></p>
    <p><a href="kmom10"><i class="fas fa-tasks"></i> Projekt</a></p>
</div>
<div class="kmom-text">
    <h3>Redovisningstext</h3>
    <p>Customer Demands
Jean- Baptiste Art Ist is a discerning customer with specific demands.
He wanted a webpage that was simplistic and stylistically minimalist yet well-defined,
sharp and pronounced.
As he didn't have a brand logo yet, he wanted me to create one for him as well.
His specifications for the logo were clear;

"I want a circular logo, with my initials in it.
Make it sleek and cool.
Other than that I don't give a shit.
Just do it.
What am I paying you for?"
Without telling him that he did in fact not pay me to do this
(and that it didn't matter anyway because he didn't exist other than in my own mind),
I opened up GIMP, loaded up some cool fonts and got started.
The customer wanted semi transparent menu and header- items, so that you can see all his cool background pictures.
He wanted the image in the background to be different every time you reloaded the page.
He wanted me to put all his backgrounds in a grayscale, so it looked more "artsy",
but he wanted the option of letting the visitor choose to remove the grayscale,
which is why two "themes" were made.
Although there is only a very slight difference between the colours and settings of the elements on the page,
the difference from grayscale to colorized is quite significant, if you ask me and J.B.A.I.
The customer had told me he wanted the page to convey the message that he was a busy artist,
that he was "hip with the kids and all that", so I should;
"put some social-media icons in the footer.
But don't have the footer on the bottom, I want it near the menu".
I did as requested. I was asked to write about some of his previous accomplishments and he gave me a list.
He wanted me to put links in the text, so the visitor could read more about him and his body of work
on external sources.
The customer wanted a portion of his artwork displayed in a gallery on the page,
so I made three galleries with his most recent artwork.
He also wanted a contact- page, where people easily could find ways of getting in touch with him.

Resource References
Jean Baptiste Art Ist's face was generated by the AI at this AI face generator page.
The icons for all social media icons of the webpage are from FontAwesome.
The Gallery images are either collected from Unsplash.com or taken by me, Joacim Holm,
and the background hero-images uses the "random images"- function from Picsum, with a grayscale filter on top.

Fonts are Comfortaa, Cormorant (regular and unicase), Notosans and Montserrat.

The colour Palette is a minimalist monochrome: off-black, off-white and dark gray, to convey the sence of artistic professionalism.

my SCSS- code is divided into different sections, where one file handles the main content, one does the footer, one for the image gallery and yet another for the colour variables.

All pages have gotten 100 points for accessibility in Lighthouse.

I made the page responsive by shrinking the menu down to the bottom of the
page on mobile, and only allowing 1 picture per column in the image gallery.
The gallery uses flexbox.
I also removed the header-banner at the breakpoint of width: 600 pixels.

Since the choice fell upon a somewhat monochrome colour scheme, the pages
are accessible for colour-blind people.

This Project was rather difficult to complete, but I think I managed in the end.
I spent the most time on the side menu,
which was originally intended to be on the bottom of the page.
I had to forego that in favour of accessibility and a somewhat
light take on adhesion to convension.
I did, however, keep it in the mobile view, as it seemed to work well there,
and a bottom menu lends itself well to mobile views,
since the viewer is more used to having controls on the bottom.
Getting the menu "right" (even though it's on the left side) was difficult,
and having to blend together the logo and other items in a nice way.
I really enjoyed studying this course and I enjoyed working on and completing this project very much.
This type of work stimulates a creative side I really like.
I've learned new things about design that I never knew like color theory,
the importance of fonts and so much more!

</p>

<p><a href="kmom06"><i class="far fa-arrow-alt-circle-left"></i></a></i></a></p>
</div>